Factorial Calculation
Problem: Factorial
Description: Write a recursive function to calculate the factorial of a number.

Fibonacci Sequence
Problem: Fibonacci Number
Description: Implement a recursive function to find the nth Fibonacci number.

Sum of Digits
Problem: Sum of Digits in Base 10
Description: Calculate the sum of digits of a positive integer number using recursion.

Binary Search
Problem: Binary Search
Description: Implement a recursive binary search algorithm.

Tower of Hanoi
Problem: Tower of Hanoi
Description: Solve the Tower of Hanoi problem using recursion.

Permutations
Problem: Permutations
Description: Generate all permutations of a list using recursion.

Combinations
Problem: Combinations
Description: Generate all combinations of a given size from a list using recursion.

Palindrome Check
Problem: Palindrome Number
Description: Check if a given number is a palindrome using recursion.

Subset Sum
Problem: Partition Equal Subset Sum
Description: Determine if a set can be partitioned into two subsets with equal sum using recursion.

Binary Tree Traversal
Problem: Binary Tree Preorder Traversal
Description: Perform preorder traversal of a binary tree using recursion.

Connected Components in Graph
Problem: Number of Connected Components in an Undirected Graph
Description: Find the number of connected components in an undirected graph using recursion.

Path Sum
Problem: Path Sum
Description: Determine if there exists a path from root to leaf such that the sum of node values equals a given sum using recursion.

Valid Parentheses
Problem: Valid Parentheses
Description: Check if a string of parentheses is valid using recursion.

Word Search
Problem: Word Search
Description: Check if a word exists in a 2D board of characters using recursion.

Combination Sum
Problem: Combination Sum
Description: Find all unique combinations of candidates that sum to a target using recursion.

Generate Parentheses
Problem: Generate Parentheses
Description: Generate all valid combinations of n pairs of parentheses using recursion.

Reverse Linked List
Problem: Reverse Linked List
Description: Reverse a singly linked list using recursion.

Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum
Problem: Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum
Description: Find the maximum path sum in a binary tree using recursion.

Unique Paths
Problem: Unique Paths
Description: Count all possible unique paths from top-left to bottom-right of a m x n grid using recursion.

Decode Ways
Problem: Decode Ways
Description: Count the number of ways to decode a string of digits using recursion.